hey everybody this is WPW back with
another one of our little
he crate engines this is a little 355 we
did fresh boar you know as usual the
block was tanked bored honed new kanbans
new freeze plugs this block was also
dict as well
true decked leaving the Pistons about 10
in the hole
meanwhile a little block to bolt main
went back with a GM Rheem and crankshaft
5-7 rods we did the high volume oil pump
one piece driveshaft TRW 6 cc dome
Pistons this one got the 441 casting
heads
you know these were bigger chambers so
the 6e sea domes don't make the
compression get out of control because
it was a 72 CC or so chamber the heads
were reworked all new valves all new
engine works 125
550 leaf springs new hardware locks etc
we put the aluminum scorpion row the tip
rockers on this one I just got the 292
duration full 80 40 left cam and it hits
a real nicely motor sounds great
we topped it off with the elder Brock
rpm intake 650 Holley as a reman as well
when did the ATI as usual this one this
particular ATI got the super Cole custom
cut MSD wires and and this is our
turnkey crate motor so it comes with all
new accessories you know water pump all
deny your flex plate starter fuel pump
all that stuff is new it's even a you
know new field line new fuel filter it
got the the custom WPW dress
we took the tall valve covers and
refinish them in black with a faded
flame paint job and by the way this is
the the house of colors burple paint on
this motor its pre-staged paint job we
did the primer of the house color and
then a clear over that
and ended the custom flames which is I
guess kind of becoming kind of trademark
for us
yeah bit beautiful beautiful paint
scheme this is what I'm personally one
of my favorite paint schemes we put on
an engine so far the blue really pops
you know the flames aren't just crazy
there are more of a ghost it in kind of
flame but I say the engine looks real
cool runs nice hits a real nice lick a
real good exhaust note like that sweet
little street motor it's going to run on
pump gas pretty good manner is going to
sound awesome will require a little bit
of a converter and work best with a 373
or so gear like say a real good street
motor take it to the track on Saturdays
you know it's going to be a stout little
motor we're gonna pop it off real quick
let you hear it wrong
that is a little bit beyond Toby 355
firstly turned out to be a sweet little
motor
Brad Cu hot rod commander and triggerman
chairman of the board chairman of the
boys hammer
oh wow something different that time
anyway we got a lot going on here at WI
TW got a little roller 350 going to
Texas we've got a full-weight going in
the 15 130 100 little v 3 LS motor going
in the rx-7 and then there's this guy I
will need to set of tires come on come
on come on Mario ties set of tires and
we're doing burnouts anyway we love you
bro just give us some tires and we're
gonna do a video for you and little 225
or 223 excuse me straight six for the
f100 via custom paint job on this and
yeah and you know no kidding I enjoyed
doing the paint work these are all hand
painted and I can't think of the name of
the flavors to flower they make the no
little flowers they make the necklaces
Florida in Hawaii and I can't fly Cal AM
anyway the customer had requested that
those be painted on there and they're
hand-painted sweetville project is
really not meant to be feminine or
anything like that it's gonna it's gonna
blend in with a scheme of the truck but
anyway we refinish this motor I think
there's some pictures on our website
Hawaiian thing yeah Hawaiian thing
anyway as usual check out our website a
lot of cool stuff there we've added an
Instagram panel go to if you have
Instagram go to our website and go to
the Instagram panel and click follow you
know at any time we post a picture
you'll you'll immediately get it it's a
pretty cool deal check that out
join our YouTube channel we're
constantly posting videos we probably
got ninety some odd videos there so far
but join that oh yeah if you're
wondering part-time hands or something
here today we love you Kenny if you're
watching wish she was here did I say
this is Debbie ITW also mobile hot rod
service we offer installs and and mods
all over the southeast so if you
interested in a new powertrain and such
give us a koala call for a quote on that
and then we will come to your house a
shop and put it in WPW mobile hot rod
service but as usual thanks for watching
this is Debbie ITW
don't be you soon
you